{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red127\green0\blue128;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c57919\c12801\c57269;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24940\viewh18900\viewkind0
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Authentication
\fs24 \

\fs32 \

\f1\b\fs24 \
Background
\f0\b0 \
A malicious user may specify the email address of a victim. So the requestor must prove to be the owner of the email address. \
Therefore the system generates a 
\f1\b OTP
\f0\b0  (= random secret) and sends it to the email address. It is stored as salted hashed password in the database with a short expiration time.\
The acknowledge mail contains a 
\f1\b link
\f0\b0  to the acknowledge endpoint. The email and hashed email address are link query parameters. \
To get registrated, within the expiry time, the user has to click the acknowledge link, login with the OTP and then immediately set a new password.\
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 N.B.\cf2 \
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 **** The frontend should store the 
\f1\b access_token
\f0\b0  in a secure cookie and pass it in every request.
\f1\b \
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\'97\'97\'97Endpoints \'97\'97\'97\
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
Registration
\f0\b0 \
The user provides an email address and presses the Register button. \
The system:\
- Generates a 
\f2\i random
\f0\i0  OTP, \
- Sends an 
\f1\b acknowledge mail
\f0\b0  with the OTP
\f1\b  
\f0\b0 to the specified email addres. \
- Creates the user as \cf4 inactive\cf3  with password=hashed OTP and a short ttl.\cf0 \
\

\f1\b Acknowledge mail (user action)
\f0\b0 \
The user clicks the link in the received email which directs to the 
\f1\b acknowledge
\f0\b0  endpoint. \
\

\f1\b Acknowledge
\f0\b0 \
The email address and email hash from the query parameters are checked. \
The handshake is done. The user is \cf4 acknowledged\cf0 . Password (OTP) and expiry (short ttl) are unchanged.\
**** The user should be redirected to the 
\f1\b login
\f0\b0  page. There he should specify the OTP from the mail.\
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Login
\f0\b0 \
The user provides email address and OTP/password and presses the Login button. \
The system verifies that the user is is \cf4 active\cf0 , not blacklisted / blocked / expired.\
If the user is expired, the user should be redirected to the 
\f1\b change password
\f0\b0  page.\
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Verify credentials()\
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The user should be redirected to the 
\f1\b home
\f0\b0  page.\cf2 \
\cf0 \

\f1\b Change password
\f0\b0 \
The system verifies that the user is \cf4 acknowledged / active\cf0 , not blacklisted or blocked. \
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Verify credentials()\
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The user should be redirected to the 
\f1\b home
\f0\b0  page.\
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Forgot password
\f0\b0 \
The user provides an email address and presses Forgot password. The system generates an OTP, and sends an 
\f1\b acknowledge mail 
\f0\b0 to the specified email address.\
The user is set to \cf4 inactive\cf0 .\
Next step: 
\f1\b Acknowledge mail\
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\'97\'97\'97General \'97\'97\'97\
\
\pard\tx269\tx566\tx867\tx1133\tx1421\tx1700\tx1982\tx2267\tx2547\tx2834\tx3123\tx3401\tx3728\tx3968\tx4283\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Verify credentials(expired=False)
\f0\b0 \cf0 \
If the credentials are not correct:\
- The endpoint should deal with a 
\f2\i brute_force_attack
\f0\i0  ***\
- Exception\
\
If the credentials are correct:\
- The user is set to \cf4 active\cf3 . \cf0 \
- An 
\f1\b access_token
\f0\b0  (bearer) is created and returned in the response.\
}