{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red102\green177\blue50;\red253\green128\blue8;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c46532\c73327\c25364;\cssrgb\c100000\c57637\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Purpose
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Purpose is to learn to use the techniques needed in professional projects. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Description
\fs24 \cf0 \
This project simulates fishing. that it contains fishing waters, fishes and fishermen. The number and behavior of fisherman and fishes at a fishing water can be controlled via user-parameterized algorithms.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf3 Backlog
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 1 - Basic setup \cf5 - Done
\fs24 \cf0 \
Create a Python FastAPI backend against a Postgres database that can be migrated via alembic. The models are SQLAlchemy models and use pydantic for validation. Implement User and FishingWater. They are unit tested via pytest. Also Swagger docs can be used to manually test the API\'92s.\

\fs26 \cf2 \

\fs28 \cf4 2 - Authentication\cf5  \cf6 - Progress
\fs24 \cf0 \
Implement user registration via otp, and user sign in via email and password.\
Add a Vue.js frontend.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Add robot framework for UI testing the registration and login flows.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 3 - Content
\fs24 \cf0 \
Add models Fish, Fisherman with their relations. \
Design and implement parameterized algorithms.\
\

\fs28 \cf4 4 - Containerisation
\fs24 \cf0 \
The project should run in a Docker container. }